Revision of the Untitled Social Media Script
Title: Starting Again






Clayton - Donny
Anthony - Anthony




8/1
* Add director notes for each scenes
* Put more focus on Donny’s trial and failures
-> SHOW more of the process and reaction, not TELL






















































Scene 1: Return home/Flashback


Donny is placing his loads on the bus, and gets ready to leave his old apartment.


[Donny looks at his phone to check the date of the day.]


As the bus leaves, Donny has a look of frustration as he reminisces about his failed social media projects.


(Flashback)
 A recording of Donny’s last message to his friend, Anthony, is heard in the background.


Donny: This isn’t going the way that I wanted, but I wanted to be free when I was out there doing things on my own.


I know I made my mother upset, who was so desperate to have me back home for months, and also myself who I betrayed. 


I gave up my own morality, life, and family for my own pleasure. 


Looking back, I did it to escape from the horrors of my life. Plus, I thought it was cool being a deviator anyway. 


I realize I’ve made some bad choices, and I tried to amend it with whatever you and I were doing for the past couple of months. 

It failed. I failed to pay my rent, and I ultimately got booted. This social media thing just was not enough to make a living.


The only thing I can say is, I’m so sorry for involving you in MY mess. 


(Present)

person, Person, Bus, bus, truck, 


Donny looks out the window, then opens up his backpack. 


He searches through his backpack and picks up his notepad. 


He starts to read through the notes reminisce about his past works with Anthony. 


End Scene


Scene 2: Final upload


Director’s Note(Important!): The entire idea behind this structure is that time flows oppositely from present to past. The audience will be shown his supposed “last” video at the beginning of the film. As the movie progresses, the film will show his earlier videos, reversing the cycle. 


[At present, Donny goes through his notepad, which has all the ideas for the final video he recorded.]


Donny: Final upload, huh?


[Donny opens up his camera and starts watching at the recording]


Donny[in the video]: What’s up brothers! I’m back in the woods again! Today, we’re going to find a bear, my dudes.


[The laptop Donny is using to watch the footage is shown. And the date when Donny uploaded his final video is clearly shown]


[At past, Donny is back at his apartment after shooting his second video. He is in his room watching the final cut of his video. This time, he shoots the video in non-Vlog style.]


[Donny uploads the video, and then goes over the footage.]


[Donny runs around in the woods trying to find a bear.]


Donny: You know, when I walk around in the woods, I sometimes think about my mama and papa. But that ain’t cool as doing this, isn’t it?


Donny, who is watching the video, cringes at the line as if he is unsatisfied with the delivery.


[The video cuts to Donny facing an imaginative bear.]


Donny: Holy smokes, that’s a bear. It has a cub too.
Donny, watching the video, slaps at his forehead for how bad delivery is and murmurs “no” multiple times.  


[The video does not show the actual footage of the bear, but just Donny’s reaction to seeing the imaginative bear.]


Donny: Oh no, it’s coming at me. Run, run!


[The video ends, and Donny who was watching the video face palms himself.]


Donny: God, please have mercy on my soul.


[Donny scrolls down to see the comments.]


Comment 1: You’re so ugly, that those stylish clothes look awful on you! 
[Sounds of laughter comes out w/ the comment.]


Donny hits the desk with anger.


Comment 2: Why would u even want to find a bear in the woods? Ur insane.


Donny: Why can’t it work


Comment 3: Bear? Where?!


Donny slams his keyboard away.


[Donny calls Anthony.]




Donny: Tony, it’s me. I’m…. I’m done man. I seriously can’t do this….


Donny sits on the ground, almost looking like he is about to cry.


End Scene








Scene 3: The final video (Flashback)


[At present, Donny flips over his note to see what he was originally going to do with the video.]


[Donny opens his phone, and the date is shown to be in the past.]
[At past, Donny is in his friend’s apartment, where he is about to shoot his final video.]


Donny: Hey, is it true that this will help me gain more views?


Anthony: Yeah, trust me. I have all the props in the world to make you famous.


Donny: Look, I’m counting on you. I need money fast, and this is the only job I have so far.


Anthony: Relax, I’ve done this before you know. First, I need to make you wear actual stylish clothes.


Donny: Then?


Anthony: Then act as dumb as you could! The formula is out there Donny, you just gotta do it!




[Donny wears fashionable clothes and walks outside of the apartment with Anthony.]


Donny: What should I do?


Anthony: Well, you certainly can shoot some photos of yourself with that clothing. Of course, try to do something fancy outside of eating a hamburger.


Donny: I don’t even have the money to do so.


Anthony: Then at least go somewhere fancy. 


Donny: In here, Connecticut? There’s only wood here!


Anthony: Then run around the wood trying to find a bear so something!


[Donny sighs and stares at Anthony.]


Donny: Sure, Tony.


End Scene






































































Scene 4: Arrival at the apartment


[At present, Donny flips over a couple pages and reads the first ever note he took on videos.]
[Donny gets angry and rips the note, while having a stern and cold facial expression.]


[At past, Donny enters a new facility. He hears a faint “you could have tried harder” from the back. Donny tries to ignore it.]
Donny arrives at his new apartment. 


He walks through the apartment, and the sounds of people talking can be heard.
[Sound of laughing can be faintly heard. Donny tries to ignore the sound.]
[A close up of Donny’s face to show his internal struggle.]


Donny gets into his room and most sounds are blocked out.


Donny gets his camera out. 


He searches the internet to create his own channel.


Donny calls his friend, Anthony.


Donny: Tony, it’s me. I arrived at my new home finally. I finally got away from that stinking home, for now. But, I’m at a loss. Where do I start with this internet thingy?  


Anthony: Relax Don, you’ll -


End Scene.






















Scene 5: The first video


[The date of the past is clearly shown. It is before Donny arrives at his new apartment.]
Donny is outside of his old apartment, where he is trying to shoot his first V-log.


Donny: What’s up, my guys!  Yo boy, Donny here! Today, we’re going to shoot our first V-log! 


[Donny goes to a hamburger shop.]


Donny: Mmmm, the hamburgers of Connecticut, this is the reason why I live!


[Donny goes to the market.]


Donny: Yo bros, I’m here to buy me some milk! And look at these TVs, it’s so sick!


[Donny goes outside to do cart skiing.]








[Donny returns home in a tired state.]


[He sits at the chair, as he is going over the footage of his V-log.]


[Donny edits his footage and uploads it to his channel.]
[Donny watches the footage being uploaded as he lets out a sigh of relief.]


[Video finally uploads, and Donny jumps into his bed.]
Donny moans in pain due to shooting film for many hours.




[At present, Donny takes out the camera that Tony gave to him.]
Donny stares at the camera.


End Scene


Supposed Last Scene 


(Flashback)
Donny is playing a loud music in the background. 


Donny is flipping over his workplace hand book. He then reads the letter that says that he is fired.


Anthony, Donny’s neighbor and friend, enters the scene.


Anthony: Yo Donny, I know you’re having fun and everything but that music is too loud! 


Anthony: Hey, are you listening to me? Turn it down damn it, it’s freakin’ midnight and everyone is TRYING to sleep!


Donny finally gets up from the ground, turns off the music.
As Donny opens the door, he sighs in frustration.


Donny: Hello Anthony, how are things going for you.


Anthony: Fine, everything’s been good for me. I’ve got my internet project thing all set up, took a boatload of time for me to get ready. 


Donny: Nice.


Anthony stares at Donny’s paper. 


Donny: How long do you think I stay here. Another 2 months? 3?


Anthony: Look, maybe you can stop doing something outside of “this,” and start something that’s good for you. 


Donny: Like what?


Anthony: Oh, I know the perfect job for you.


(Return to a shot of Donny inside the bus)


Donny is looking at the sun, with a cold facial expression.


He receives an audio message from Anthony.
Anthony: “Donny, it’s me. It was a bit hard for me to talk about this with you in-person. I don’t know if you are returning to your parent’s place, or return to your old life of working part-time jobs for a living. I truly believe that whatever we did for the past few months was incredible, even if it was very stressful for both of us.”


Donny has a moment of relief. He breathes in a deep air. 


Anthony: “Wherever you go, this will be a new start for you. I know we both learned a lot from this experience, and I know we will be better. For this new start, I wish you the best of luck.”


Donny smiles as he looks out the window, where the sun is shining.


[Camera fades to black.]


Donny: Maybe it was worth it.